# CF_Cards_Final

This document is your end user guide for the CF_Cards_Final project. In this guide, it will explain how to properly use the program and all of the little functions included. 
	Once you have the project loaded, you will be met with a screen that has 7 rectangles that say “CARD JOIN” on them and several buttons below them. Starting from left to right is the “Open Pack (1/10)” button. This button will flip back over the cards and to add to the surprise of the random pulls. The next button is the “Flip” button. This button will flip over the cards and reveal the card name, card side, card point value, and card rarity. This button also controls the randomization of each of the cards.
Now is a good time to explain the words on each of the cards. These words relate to how the game is played. For starters: the card name. Card names come in two types: right and left. The right cards are played first and will have the first half of a sentence. The second half of the sentence is on the left sided cards. For example, you can have a card on the right side that says “Sleeping under” and a card on the left side that says “The stars”. These two cards can be joined together in the actual game. Cards come in different point values that increase in value as the cards get more rare. There are currently 5 different rarities: common, rare, super rare, secret rare, and starlight rare. The first 6 cards pulled will always be common, but the final card will be a higher rarity.
The next button is the “HELP” button. This can be pressed any time to get a quick explanation on what to do within the program. The button has two stages. One is anytime during the pulling process and the other message appears at the point that you can save your draft. This button is next to the “RESET” button that can be pressed at any time. 
Once you have pulled your 10 packs, the “Save Draft” button will light up and the ID numbers of your pulls will appear in the “Your Pulls:” box. Currently these two features do not do anything, except let you move on to the next button. Pressing the “Save Draft” button will light up the “To Deck Builder” button. As a note, your pulls will not be saved past this point and the deck builder will display every card from the main database.
Pressing the “To Deck Builder” button will bring up Form2. This form is the deck builder. You should be met with a screen that has 5 cards on it and a few buttons below and to the side. Starting with the “Next 5 Cards” button, you can press this to display the first 5 cards in the database ordered by ID number. Clicking this button again will display the next 5 cards in the database. This will loop once it hits the end of the database. 
The next important buttons are the “Add to Deck” buttons. Clicking any of these will put the above card in your deck as displayed in your deck list under the “HELP” button. Your deck can hold up to 20 cards, until the program will give you a message that tells you that you hit the limit. You can then cross reference the ID numbers in your decklist to the ID number in the main database to make your own cards with the information from the database. This is also explained with the “HELP” button. 
The game proper is played with two people having 20 card decks. The game starts with each player drawing five cards from their decks. One player will play down one card (either left or right) and the other player can play an appropriate card in response to that played card. This creates a full sentence and the player who played the second card gains the added total of the two cards’ point values. The sentence created must make sense (this is agreed upon by both players) and it has to contain both a left and a right card. If you do not have a proper response to the card, then priority is passed back to the other player and they can play another card to make a match. If neither player has a match, then both players will draw cards back and forth until a match can be made. After you play a card (either first or second) you draw one card from the deck. Once a match is made, both cards are removed from play. The game ends when neither player can make a match with their remaining cards and the player with more points wins. This game is not coded into the CF_Card_Final program.
